What? It isn't time
to take you for a walk yet!
Snow?
It would've been nice if it had stuck.
Definitely no winter wonderland.
It's too bad! I wanted to play in the snow!
In that case...
Manager?
Why don't we go to a place
where we can play in the snow?
I LOVE YOU!
It's freezing!
Snow!
Yahoo!
Kaho-san sure is excited.
Young girls are full of energy.
Stupid brats, too.
Make one with me, Maika-chan!
Um...
Idiot! What do you think
you're doing?
This shows the difference
between adults and teenagers.
Got a problem with that?
No.
You ruined it.
That's enough snowmen.
Wait, did you make them
with your bare hands?
I forgot my gloves.
But my hands are already numb,
so the cold doesn't bother me.
You are really dumb, right?
Give me your hands then.
Mafuyu-san, your hands are so warm!
Don't snuggle here.
I love how warm a child's body is.
If you're not careful, she'll use that
for one of her ero doujins.
Akizuki-san, you read my mind.
Then I get to make my doujin debut?
How are you going to use me in the story?
Will it be a story where the pigs
make me breathe heavily?
You're kind of a scumbag.
The thing that would be fitting
for you, Hideri-chan...
is a bellypunching fetish.
DASH
Hideri-chan!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Kaho-san!
Where's everyone?
I'm the first one here.
Those braids look adorable
on you, Maika-chan!
I love your hair, too, Kaho-san!
So we can choose
between snowboarding and skiing?
Akizuki-kun...
Have you two decided
which you're going to do?
No. Actually, I can't make up my mind.
Boarding is more the
normie thing to do, right?
Just now, I saw a really good snowboarder,
and it was breathtaking!
So I guess maybe snowboarding?
Who's that?
He's approaching us.
That's the board I saw before!
Manager!
Aren't you guys going to do it?
It feels great!
There was a time lag
before I realized it was the manager!
Shit, me, too!
What kind of reaction is that?
Snowboarding is cool,
although I'm a beginner.
I wish I could do it like you, Manager!
Gotcha!
I'll be your patient teacher, Maika-san!
Really?
Thank you!
Not at all! It'll be fun!
That's not fair! Manager, teach us, too!
Sure. You can tag along. Later.
So harsh.
Huh? Miu...
Mafuyu-san!
Aren't you going to snowboard?
No.
I'm going to stay here
and gaze at the slope.
I enjoy people-watching!
There are so many situations
I can probably use for my stories.
I don't even want to imagine
how they would be used.
There you go! You're doing well!
When you stop,
you want to fall on your butt.
Snowboarding plus foreigner...
Okay!
equals unconditional coolness.
Even though he's usually an incompetent otaku.
Akizuki-kun...
Is that short snowboarding female...
Mafuyu-san?
Why our otakus are too talented?!
Wow!
Ma-Mafuyu-san!
Teach me how to snowboard!
Me, too! Please!
You're really good, too, Mafuyu-san!
I-I'm teaching you, so you'll soon
be able to snowboard like that, Maika-san!
Really?
I'm looking forward to it!
Yes, of course—
Oh, it's true!
Ma-Maika-san! Stop! Stop!
Ouch!
I'm Hideri-chan, the swooping
klutzy angel of the ski slope!
Hot guys, this is your cue
to extend a hand!
Are you okay, cutie?
Maika-san! I'll stop you!
Manager!
Sorry! Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You're not fine!
HAVE SOME SELF-RESPECT!
Women
Men
That was a lot of snowboarding!
And I gathered a lot tasty
material for my stories.
Why would that be your focus
when you come to a ski resort?
I guess everyone enjoys things
in their own way.
All right!
Maika-chan, can you snowboard now?
Yes, the manager was a very good teacher!
From what I could see,
he was definitely a hands-on teacher.
The manager really took good care of me
all day today.
I'd like to give him something
to thank him!
Seriously?
You're gonna confess your love?
Lower your voice, Akizuki-san!
Let go of me!
Jeez. So that's what you're so hyped about!
I am not hyped! How am I hyped?
A confession of love, huh?
While on a trip and even better,
a ski slope...
A confession of love...
Seems like you set this whole plan up
just for that!
She might get turned off if she found out.
Wouldn't it be better to wait
for a more natural moment?
I don't want to be scolded by a boy with
a towel wrapped around non-existent breasts!
That was refreshing.
Manager!
Ma-Maika-san!
Did you get warmed up?
Y-Yes.
Um, do you have a few minutes?
Sure.
There's something
I'd like to talk to you about.
Don't tell me
Maika-san's going to make the first move!
You don't want to talk?
No, that's not it!
I have all the time in the world!
Have some coffee.
Th-Thank you.
That's my apology for teaching me.
Apology?
You couldn't snowboard much
because you were with me all day.
This is all I can do at the moment,
but I'll thank you properly later.
Please don't let that bother you!
I'm glad I was able to be
with you all day, Maika-san!
I mean, I was lucky you were a beginner!
L-Lucky?
Ping pong! Ping pong!
There they are!
How about playing some ping pong
with cute li'l ol' me—
Be quiet.
Anyway, snowboarding sure is fun.
It sure is!
It's a little cold if you go fast,
but the wind feels good!
Even though you taught me,
I kept falling down!
But the snow was softer
than I thought it would be.
Maika-san in a yukata, just after a bath...
Gotta keep the blood in my nose!
Stay in there!
I haven't gotten this much exercise
in a while either,
so between that and being excited,
I'm a little...
We've got time tomorrow, too,
so I'll teach you again—
SPURT
Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Maika-san!
Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma...
Ma-Ma-Ma-Maika-san...
Manager...
Previously...
Stile staff went on a ski trip.
As they all enjoyed themselves,
the manager resolved to declare
his love for Maika! Whoa!
But right after a bath, Maika had a talk
with the manager, and things got crazy!
Is Maika actually
going to declare her love first?
What'll happen in the end?
Did we really need a summary?
It's important.
D-D-D-D-D-Don't tell me
Maika-san means to...
No!
The man has to confess his feelings!
Ma-Maika-san, please listen!
Maika-san, I... actually...
I love y-y...
Um...
I love that you might have
an aptitude for skiing, too!
He is really incompetent!
No, not that!
Um, listen, Maika-san...
I've always l-l...
Go, Manager! Conquer your weakness​!
...loved you!
Maika-san...
I love you!
Ma-Maika-san?
Sh-She's sleeping!
Don't tell me she fell asleep?
That guy has the worst timing.
It looks like he's so shocked
that he can't accept reality.
No, I think...
A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A     A    A     A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A    A      A      A
...he's agonizing
over his lap being used as a pillow.
This is no time to be agonizing
over a lap pillow!
Maika-san, please wake up.
If you're going to sleep,
you should do it in your room.
She's deep asleep.
She's exhausted
after I made her practice all day.
All right.
Guess I'll carry her to her room.
Crap!
Get back, get back!
Please open the door.
Maika-san fell asleep
so I brought her back here.
Huh?
What's wrong?
You're out of breath.
We were doing a little exercising.
That's right!
Anyway, Maika-chan fell down on you, huh?
Kaho!
Ouch! What was that for?
Hu                                       MPH
It's terrible to eavesdrop
on a confession of love!
Don't pout like that. Our bad.
Remember,
we're all rooting for you.
We have a lot of time here today, too,
so look for your chance and go for it!
Forget it.
I'm not gonna tell her how I feel.
You don't have to go that far!
It's not that.
Not being able to confess my love
even under these conditions
is God's way of telling me
that I shouldn't do it right now.
Manager...
I'll look for my next opportunity.
You're blaming God for bad timing?
Shouldn't you console me a little more?
Maika-chan, Maika-chan!
What's wrong?
Your face is red.
Really?
Maika...
Come here.
Doesn't feel like you have a fever.
Actually, I had an embarrassing dream,
and that may be why I'm blushing.
An embarrassing dream?
What was it? What kinda dream?
U-Um... It was...
embarrassing...
or maybe lewd...
Lewd?
A prim and proper girl with traditional
good looks has a l-l-lewd dream?
That's so hot!
I doubt her idea of a lewd dream
matches up with what you have in mind.
So? So? What kinda dream?
I-I'm really self-conscious about it,
s-so please don't laugh.
Yep, yep!
I-In my dream,
the manager told me he l-loved me.
Th-That's reality!
REALITY
So in your dream,
did you answer him, Maika-chan?
Y-Yes. I did.
I said, "I love you, too."
You, too, Kaho-san.
And Mafuyu-san, Miu-san,
Hideri-chan and Akizuki-san...
I love all of you.
That was my answer.
Oh...
I feel sorry for him, but it sounds
like the manager doesn't have a chance.
I'm not sure about that.
Okay, try to snowboard today,
using what I taught you yesterday.
Okay.
Ma-Maika-san?
Um...
Wh-What?
Maika-san has a weird attitude!
Did I make her practice too much
yesterday after all?
I'm sorry!
Maika-san, you're just so kind
that I got carried away.
I'm sorry for being so inconsiderate!
Th-That's not true—
Please don't hate me!
It's okay, Manager—
No! I don't want you to hate me!
I was so bothered by that dream
that it put me in a bad mood,
which is making the manager sad!
When he's going out of his way
to teach me...
I have to
clear up the misunderstanding!
Why? Why am I like this?
It's okay, Manager!
Manager...
I love you!
I'm sorry!
Why are you apologizing?
Thank you for coming on Christmas,
two lonely guys!
We really had a sadistic whip
cracked on us this year!
Yeah, it's been awesome!
Please don't come back here ever again.
Good work, everyone!
I'm calling it a year.
Why don't we all finish the leftover cake?
Yay!
Owner!
He brought you down?
Good for you!
Hey!
If you have enough time to be jealous
of a dog, help me instead.
That's cute!
He called it a "leftover,"
but I bet he really made it for this!
That's our manager!
We see right through you!
Here you go, Kaho-san.
This time I did it
without being nervous at all!
Actually, I haven't finished
my latest manuscript yet.
OWNER
The café really has gotten lively
this year, huh?
Yeah.
At first it was just the manager,
Akizuki-kun and me.
You two were the opening staff?
I thought that would've included
the loli-granny...
I came after them.
Yeah.
This brings back memories.
Back when those two just started...
N-Nice to meet you.
Same here.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
THUMP THUMP
Yikes!
Actually, I've only spoken to males my age
in class while collecting the handouts!
Am I gonna be okay?
THUMP THUMP
Crap! How do you talk to a real girl again?
The only females I've spoken to in two years
are convenience store clerks!
Hello.
You two were such innocents back then.
Shut up!
After all...
I can't imagine that.
I never change,
not even when I first meet someone.
They didn't speak frankly like they do now,
and whenever I was out on an errand,
I take it they didn't talk at all.
Without me around, they'd never talk!
They're like completely different people now.
Who are you to talk, you coward?
Shut up! Shut your mouth!
Violence never solves anything!
The manager never has known
when to stop.
Mafuyu-san, you were
the next one hired, right?
Yes.
Scouting Mafuyu-san was really tough.
Excuse me, could I speak to you?
Actually...
Um...
Wait! Wh-Why? Why?
BUZZ                  BUZZ
BUZZ                      BUZZ
The police! Call the police!
Emergency! Emergency!
I was... I was so scared!
Sorry. I just pegged you
as a pesty lolicon.
And I was right.
You're just as cruel now!
I'm not a lolicon!
But I'm surprised he succeeded
with you in the end, Mafuyu-san.
How did you do it?
It was mainly a feat of strength.
We have a new friend!
Then it was a crime!
That was a lovely episode!
Now that I remember it...
It's still frustrating.
I had a lot of trouble with Mafuyu-san,
which made it nice to get okays
from the rest of you after that.
No, you were pretty heavy-handed
with Sakuranomiya, too.
M-Maika-san, that's not true, is it?
Um... Right.
I love you!
It was all very sudden,
so I was a little surprised at first.
I'm sorry.
But...
if you hadn't called out to me
like that, Manager,
I wouldn't be working here now.
Besides, I'm the one
who made the decision to join!
Maika-san...
Kaho-san...
Mafuyu-san...
Miu-san...
Hideri-chan...
Yay!
Akizuki-san and Owner...
And Manager...
You're wonderful people,
and I've made many great memories here!
I love you all!
Hello!
Welcome to Stile!
Why did you come?
TSUDANUMA
Sorry—
Manager!
Maika-san!
Huh? I have a feeling...
...this has happened before.
Shall we go?
Yes!
HOPE TO SEE YOU AGAIN
SOMETIME, SOMEWHERE.
Hope to see you again sometime, somewhere!
Nii-sama fansubs